README.md, before:

# 2020USElection
A command line interface that allows users to look for county, state and party based information like number of votes and tweets, annotate counties and states with comments by party, and displays the factors that influenced Biden's win over Trump in the 2020 US Elections.

## Installation guide
This is specifically written for a Windows 10 system, but can be used in general in other systems through a similar sequence of steps.
  1. Clone the repository
  2. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or greater installed
  3. Make sure the path is added correctly to your environment variable
  4. Execute the command ```py -m pip install <packageName>``` for the following packages:
      1. pandas
      2. numpy
      3. sklearn
      4. seaborn
      5. mysql.connector
      6. getpass
  5. There are other imported libraries being used, but they should be part of the above packages or come pre-installed with python itself
  
  ## How to launch it
  Use the command ```py -m CLI.py```
  
  If you would like to exit at any point, you can use ```Ctrl + C``` to do so. However, there are other exit pathways mentioned in the application.

Commit message:

added guide for creating tables

README.md, after:

# 2020USElection
A command line interface that allows users to look for county, state and party based information like number of votes and tweets, annotate counties and states with comments by party, and displays the factors that influenced Biden's win over Trump in the 2020 US Elections.

## Installation guide
This is specifically written for a Windows 10 system, but can be used in general in other systems through a similar sequence of steps.
  1. Clone the repository
  2. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or greater installed
  3. Make sure the path is added correctly to your environment variable
  4. Execute the command ```py -m pip install <packageName>``` for the following packages:
      1. pandas
      2. numpy
      3. sklearn
      4. seaborn
      5. mysql.connector
      6. getpass
  5. There are other imported libraries being used, but they should be part of the above packages or come pre-installed with python itself
  6. On the marmoset04.shoshin.uwaterloo.ca server, run the createTables.sql on the project_1 database using ```source createTables.mysq;```
  
  ## How to launch it
  Use the command ```py -m CLI.py```
  
  If you would like to exit at any point, you can use ```Ctrl + C``` to do so. However, there are other exit pathways mentioned in the application.
